Document new usage metrics timer (#3973)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_disabling-the-collection-of-usage-metrics.adoc

[id="disabling-the-collection-of-usage-metrics"]
= Disabling the collection of usage metrics

> You can opt out of the default usage metrics collection by masking the `systemd` timer that collects the data on your {ProjectServer}.

Reviewer: Now there's two of them?
```suggestion
You can opt out of the default usage metrics collection by masking the `systemd` timers that collect the data on your {ProjectServer}.
```

.Procedure
. To disable the collection of the full usage metrics:
.. Mask the `satellite-usage-metrics-generate.timer` unit:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# systemctl mask satellite-usage-metrics-generate.timer
----
.. If the timer has been executed already at least once, remove the generated usage metrics file:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
# rm /var/lib/foreman-maintain/satellite_metrics.yml
----
. To disable the collection of the condensed usage metrics:
.. Mask the `satellite-usage-metrics-condensed.timer` unit:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # systemctl mask satellite-usage-metrics-generate.timer

Reviewer 2: This command is identical to line 25 which looks wrong. See line 21.

Author: Oh right, good catch. The command now properly refers to the right timer.

----
.. If the timer has been executed already at least once, remove the generated usage metrics file:
+
[options="nowrap", subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----

> # rm /etc/rhsm/facts/foreman.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# rm /etc/rhsm/facts/foreman.facts
```

----

.Verification

> . On your {ProjectServer}, verify the status of the timer you want to disable.

Reviewer: Do we need to duplicate this for the other timer?
